Mark has a new 20 minute stream on rumble or 20 minute video on rumble that you should really check out
from his latest live stream from last night if you're not following he's a
tiny glide I don't know what you're doing here
he's scheduled for 16 minutes next he's going on French British Italian Japanese television
people everywhere are starting to listen to him it's embarrassing he had the exact
location laid out on a map then he liked hid the map in the cigar store Indian for safekeeping
too bad we could have been partners now instead of being rich he's in jail hey like what happened
the Scooby Scooby
one of those apples better be for me
good evening ladies and gentlemen this is Gigo biological it's a high resistance
low-noise information free brought to you by biologists you've been coming to you live with
the last 20 days in a row trying to break this limited spectrum of debate that we are trapped
within and I hope we're making some progress with that breaking free
good evening ladies and gentlemen welcome to the show this is Gigo home biological a high
resistance low-noise information brief brought to you by a biologist it's the 25th of September
2023 my name is Jonathan Cooey we have been battling against the bait on TV and social media it's not
getting any easier if someone can put a link to now I'm gonna do it here's a tonic live in this
link here I'm just gonna put this here and I'm gonna put home and I'm gonna take this I'm gonna
take that and I'm gonna put that over here besides Jessica Hockett who I highly recommend I'm also
talking about his atomic live that link is right there he's also got three YouTube channels by that
name his atomic live one two and three the first one might be not called one or might just be his
atomic live please don't take the bait on Stevie and social media intramuscular injection of any
combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system is dumb and if you
want to get specific about it you can say the transfection is an immunization I'm gonna zip
through this beginning because I think is really clear where we are at and where I think we are
at and so I don't think it's really necessary for us to go too much into detail other than to say
that some people misled us into thinking different things about our biology and that misleading of
us about the biology at the beginning of the pandemic really in early 2020 right through the end of
2020 his one allowed hundreds of thousands of people around the world to be killed basically by them
be mistreated under the pretense that this was a novel virus that everyone was vulnerable to and
that we didn't really know what would work and that limited spectrum of debate around the medical
science of covid was very carefully curated through censorship and through amplification
for a whole series of months and in fact even the orchestrated publicized censorship
of certain dissident voices was part of this this crucial sort of really honing in on this
both sides of this debate and and this is really something that I've been trying to wake everybody
up to because again I really feel like the world has been tricked into thinking that this was a
mystery to be solved and that they have witnessed in real time the solving of this mystery over
these last three years and I believe that to be holy a lie I believe they've lied to us about the
pandemic potential that's accessible in laboratories in order to invert our human
and sovereign rights over our our own bodies and our responsibilities for our children to be
absorbed by the state and for us to need to seek permission for everything and that's what this
debate is all about um match difference with Craig Particope I don't know why that's there
that's why it needs fixing so they told us this crazy thing about you know a debate no truth
of the matter was I was always thought about National Institute of Health but but the fact
of the matter is I was the we are at a place where somebody who has worked with and for the FDA for
maybe two decades is the patent holder and at least one vaccine and is a staunch supporter of the
you know the the huge liability free sort of arrangement that these companies have when
they produce vaccines he doesn't want to talk about that he doesn't want to talk about how
they are exempt from real placebo trials but just based on other already safe vaccines a lot of times
and this disingenuous discussion goes all the way to making fun of people whose children have
been permanently damaged by a vaccination as people that are crazy and this happened maybe
two months ago so three months into this pandemic were exactly where they wanted us to be which is
in this place where we are at odds with our friends and our neighbors about the value of vaccination
and even trying to walk that fine line where you say well maybe the other vaccines are okay
but these new ones are garbage and they were never tested and they should have never been
tested in their transfection you can't even you can't even broach that subject with many our
family and friends and many of our neighbors simply because the TV has absolutely checkmate
brainwashed them into believing that that isn't an unfathomable lie you could never think that
that could be true and one of the reasons is because of the amazing spectacular commitment
to this lie that people like Paul Offit Joe and shamelessly will go into a camera
and they will say things they know in their heart are in truth they know what they have to know
they're lying because they're not dumb people they're not making mistakes
and so think about the spectacular nature of this man's behavior when we know that it can't be as
black and white as he's making it out to be let's see if i can make this bigger
oh how i got this like that can i do that you allow me to make you bigger
but you like this
the truth of the matter was i was always thought about the nationalist suits of health but but
the fact of the matter is i was the i was a patent holder on something it became a vaccine now now
i'm the intellectual property of my hospital therefore the hospital really owns the patent but it does
you get tired of explaining it it never convinces anybody anyway because do you work with a pharmaceutical
company there for your evil wait wait wait wait look look at this it's an anti-vax protestor
yeah wow you know what's amazing so see this is this is amazing
really you can't see him in the camera yes so guys guys z-pack wait that's really true
yeah there are actually not a joke does not a joke there are actually anti-vax activists
outside the window right now
and now they're gone because tom turned him off this is what we want to talk about too you hear
him yeah what is he saying is that i can't i don't know but tom's gonna make sure that the
door is locked and also that logan's gun is caught
you hear him yes yes silly dog
to sell drugs and pull off it that's made billions of drugs millions from his vaccine i think he had
the heavy vaccine rotavirus rotavirus right if we've got to be really careful here because we can
fall into the trap and i'm not saying that he's a trap but i'm saying that social media may have
made him jump into this trap and then used him unwittingly to set everybody else that watches this
and shares this video to fall into the same trap where we say that paul often made millions off of
his vaccine when in reality he didn't make that much he probably made 500 000 because the majority
of the money went to the university under which he was working at the time that the patent was
granted to him but nevertheless it also really helped cement it helped cement his place in the
faculty it helped you know grease the wheels for his his rising star as the director of his institute
and whatever and whatever and whatever because intellectual property is very very important and
it becomes increasingly important for young faculty members as a way of adding to their resume
in this sea of candidates a few meaningful patents is ridiculously valuable even if they just mean
that you have the potential to generate more patents should they get you under their roof and
yes he had a rotavirus vaccine patent but we've got to be very careful when we start throwing around
numbers like millions and millions of dollars because it may very well be that he didn't make
millions of dollars himself it may be that millions of dollars were given to the university and some
substantial portion of those were were allowed to be used for his salary and for his lab fees and
for his his his lab employees his lab budget and so you could see that as the same thing but
technically it's not and it becomes deniable by paul office we've got to be very careful but
still i understand why he's upset i understand what he's trying to do here but just you need to
see it for what it is and why this social media is constantly a trap believe what one of the
vaccines that killed my daughter they're alive on facebook she died within 24 hours of vaccines
that was a week and a half before she died she was very beautiful and we're here to honor zara
and to just to make these people realize that we're not scared of them and you know together
we can overcome the propaganda and brainwashing because vaccines are an avoidable unsafe i'm not
saying that you shouldn't take any vaccines but they're they're not interested in doing any
science to make them safer or no science happens when zara died all they try to do is
deny disavow and sweep under the carpet because there's no money in dead babies and guess what
she didn't die of six she was too old for six it was sudden unknown death within 24 hours of
14 vaccinations so let's go show pull off it and zenov hey hey guys that's my daughter oh he's
laughing laughing that's my daughter look look at this it's an anti-vax protester
yeah wow you know what's amazing what's amazing is that i don't think paul offered
thinks it's as funny as z-dog does and actually that shows you the infantile nature of z-dog's role
in this whole thing it shows you his lack of professionalism it shows you his lack of depth of
understanding and it also shows a kind of denial of the reality you could have also seen this as a
moment of professional possibility where he could have said why i wonder if we could bring this
person in here and talk to him and create a moment but that's not what these people are all at all
about like an anti-vaxxer protester is very different than somebody who's just saying hey
hey we got to be honest about this and i find this very important to acknowledge that this
happened i know i used this video once before but it is a very it's a very dark reality where
we are right now um i had a friend come in last night to Pittsburgh and this friend is staying in
uh is staying in in the city and he's got some stuff to do for his work but i'll probably see
him again tomorrow night but he was here last night and i picked him up at the airport brought him
back to the house and fierla and i and him hang out um after the kids went to bed and he is not aware
like to the point of didn't really still didn't really know who uh Robert F. Kennedy jr. was in
children's health defense before last night i mean he knew again i tell me the name of that
organization you work for again and so just because of the nature of his job and you know he's got
two teenage daughters one that just went off to college one that's in high school you know it's
his wife has a career etc so i get it he's very busy and doesn't know but
there's a pretty rude awakening to find out that his mild-mannered you know biologist friend
who at best was a loud-mouthed teacher has uh making a living on the internet with
with sound effects and uh music and and and graphics
um but that's where we are that that these these people like z-dogs viewers
are are jaded and and and biased to the point where they may not be
savable until something very very drastic happens with the rest of the people who are
and these people are going to be offered up as evidence all the time because
that that's what they want they want this kind of evidence to be what you see
isn't it we'd like to talk can we come in
can we come in we brought a book
these people they're not about any type of safety what they want to do is make
and so now they're going to bang on the window and then you heard the rest so i mean i'm not i'm
not trying to overdo the the whole thing about this but i just want you to understand that
this this drama that's been created by these people over here that includes me
trying to figure out if this was a lab leak or not in 2020 and and and doing streams with people
and given my whatever presence and time to groups of people who are trying to push the
worst-case scenario and so essentially i would go on stream with multiple people
and i would be the only one who is arguing for natural immunity or previous immunity
and the not no need for transfection and these four other people would say well i don't agree
i think a billion people are going to die and it's worst-case scenario red dragon event with a
two-year horizon
and so i was there i was doing the performance as well because they got all of our hair on fire
and the question is at one point in time do we were we listening to one another and thinking
together and then slowly drifting out of this red triangle where we question the protocols first
you question the evidence of spread and we question the meaning of these variants
i'm not a very good weatherman i can't point to this stuff on the screen
but we're seriously in a stage now where this is how we break free because
otherwise we have to listen to the whole firehose all the time and we have to try and process
the whole firehose all the time but if we can start to understand what they're trying to do
with this firehose which is keep our ads always focused on the scooby-doo mystery of lab leak
or gain a function lab leak or a natural nasty virus and what's going to come next
then we can start to make some choices that are meaningful instead of continuing to run
in the same direction that we've been running in for the last three years
and so i think it's important to look at the people who are on this thing i think it's important
to look at what peter makala and other people say on a regular basis and then
keep updating the image that we have here so that we understand who to trust
who's related to who who's done streams with with which people and then complained about it later
i haven't done any streams with anybody that got arrested for january 6th
i haven't done any streams with with uh i don't know
i guess i did some streams with paul katrel so you could say that i'm connected to him
i did some streams with kevin makaren i guess you could say i'm connected with him
or was that the whole idea all along
i never had kevin makaren linked on my website but kevin had me on his website for almost three
years i had to beg and plead and complain for him to take it off
and so you can see some of these people like george web and how he associated himself with
marcoolak and other people and harassed other people took other people's research and twisted it
around as another guy whose job was just meant to confuse and to associate you know
with people who who have more integrity in order to bring their own it that person's integrity into
question and i i think we're we're witnessing a lot of this stuff it's really interesting that
robert malone and and and harret van den basch actually worked together and we're in a movie
together in spain and and pretended like they weren't sure if they knew each other or not
but he dropped harret's name in a in a in a live stream with paul katrel so they damn well do
know each other it's extraordinary really it's very extraordinary what's going on and where we
are at this time frame because a lot of people if they've been paying attention over the last three
years would start to see that the dissonant communities a very small group of people that
travel around the world and hot tub together it's a very small group of people that complain
of each other and sue one another but nothing ever seems to happen in any of these lawsuits
george can't even seem to serve robert malone even though robert malone has a lawyer which means
it's pretty hard not to serve it
and robert malone's been suing the bragons for how long now how long has he been selling the
book how long has he been promoting george web as his own private cyberstalker i don't know
one of the things that i think they're doing a lot of which really annoys the hell out of me
is brainwashing people into thinking that somehow we are so close to being able to interface with
our brain in a meaningful way that without only can we augment it but we can upload and
download information into memory and brain and skill and somehow augment the IQ or thought
powers of the brain by actually physically interfacing with wires through the skull
wireless i don't care how and this is a a presentation from the world economic form
dabo's meeting where a woman is going to talk to us about this a woman who she calls herself
a futurist do you remember that word well this is an extraordinary talk which will give you
insight into the level of excuse my language but bullshittery that has been used on the rich
venture capital you know people that are bottling their own
farts and smelling them later kind of people these these people have been brainwashed the people
inside of our government bureaucracies have been brainwashed into believing that gain of function
viruses are real and that brain implants are really just a matter of choice away it's if we
we didn't have so many ethical qualms about cutting holes in people's heads we would already
have this done a long time ago here we go hello everybody i'm nicholas tompson i'm a
cov Atlantic oh yeah i just remember you know this what this is really all about right is getting
rid of the idea that there's anything sacred about you or your baby i mean you can start
like a bonsai tree you know you can start training babies right away you can shape their head
anyway you want to stretch their legs out whatever you want
and these people really want you to believe there's no such thing as God's creation there's no such
thing as a sacred you know lying you don't cross there's no kind of complexity here where
you know we have to respect this some kind of complexity that we can't distill down anymore
and then therefore we shouldn't mess with that part of it no kind of talk like that at all instead
just like it i'm gonna keep saying it just like Robert Malone said that when he was working in his
postdoc he decided to work on retroviruses because he was sure there would be a geneticist at a
hospital at every hospital in 10 years curing childhood genetic diseases with retroviruses
well fast forward 40 years later and
then there are no retroviruses that are being used to cure childhood diseases
and this is the same kind of talk with a little bit more pizzazz and a little bit of sharp language
and and a sharp suit but she's going to try and tell you the same sharp stories about how
just around the next bend just over the next hill holy man you know stay awake we're almost there
buddy we're gonna we're gonna break through you're not gonna believe the kind of stuff she's
promising and i will be your moderator today well you're going to have an incredible session
star the show is Anita Farahani she's a futurist and legal ethicist at Duke and she's so smart
and so interesting you're gonna learn a ton this is how it's gonna work legal ethicist at Duke
she's gonna come on stage and talk and then we're gonna do a little q&a questions from the audience
and that'll be a wrap and you'll leave enlightened and excited so first off a video it's gonna make
you see the future and understand a wonderful future where we can use brainwaves to fight crime
be more productive and find love let's roll you're in the zone even you can't believe how productive
you've been your memo is finished your inbox is under control and you're feeling sharper than
you have in a decade sensing your joy your playlist shifts to your favorite song
sending chills up your spine as the music begins to play you glance at the program running in the
background on your computer screen can i just interrupt here and go back just a second to show
you to make you listen to what they said what the lady said at the very beginning and then i'm
going to pause it again you can't believe how productive you've been your memo is finished
zone be more productive and find love here we go let's roll listen carefully please you're in the
zone even you can't believe how productive you're in the zone now i think it would be okay
with my friend Rodney for me to say that they had been they have been using Rodney
as an example at all of these kinds of meetings now i don't think he's ever been to the w
world economic forum but he's been to a a few food conferences and a lot of TED conferences
and a lot of other conferences where he opens with his own version of of kind of a fascination
with the sacred biology where you get to a stage where you don't really understand how
the the body and the brain are working together to accomplish perfection but after a few
or many extremely painful attempts at a ridiculously impossible stunt how these
friends of his are able to go down these rails and land it and all this other stuff and before
they do that they're falling but their body's falling somehow in a way that doesn't break stuff
much and his whole explanation is the idea of getting into uh what she says you're in the zone
in a flow state where your brain and your body are anticipating the coming reality in such a
precise manner that as you the board flips underneath your feet your feet are dragging up
to the tip of the board in just the right way so that it starts to rotate and then clear the
rail and then come back in a flat position right before your feet come down and your brain and
your feet and the the feeling of the board on your feet as it comes down and the predictability of
what it's going to feel like when the back wheels hit before the front and knowing exactly how far
your feet have to be in over or in front of that back wheel in order to make sure that you go that
way and not over the top of it all of these things become automatic and it's it's this kind of high
level of total body skill hand-eye coordination the whole nine is hand body coordination i i body
coordination that anybody that skateboards does and if it's not clear i don't skateboard that skate
board back there represents Rodney and his encouragement of me but his message coming through me
is that this is a sacred thing this idea of practicing something so
that i don't know i'd like to use the word religiously but practicing with something with so much heart
and so much focus and so much belief that that is possible not only possible but repeatable
i don't know if any there's a there's a
I'm not even really sure what this thing is called but when I was living in Norway and we had a
secret Santa I got this as a secret Santa gift in the end um from a Japanese colleague and I
believe it's a Japanese toy but it could be from another Asian country and I apologize for not
knowing that I hope it doesn't make me racist but if you look on
if you katama I think is what they're called if you look is that right did somebody say it um
the the this thing if you go on the internet and find people who are very skilled with it
you won't believe the kinds of tricks that they can do and repeat it and repeat them over and over
again it's a level of of balance that requires high functioning cerebellar work all body movement
in real time with an object that's moving with gravity and it's juggling in a sense but it's
it's very fine hand movement extremely crazy stuff that people learn to do with a piece of wood with
a ball on a stick on a string not much different than a yo-yo or a piano
you know a guitar drum set maybe these are all things that at some moment become a
a synergy between your brain and your muscles and your conscious understanding of what's coming
and that's what makes it so nice to be a musician in a band you understand what's coming together
with other people and you can anticipate it and move through it together it's a very very beautiful
thing that I've only been able to experience a few times in my life I'm not lucky enough to
ever been in a band or part of a team for a real long time high school you know but
these are extraordinary things and they brought Rodney in to talk about this because their goal
was to take the sacred out of it their goal was to make it seem as though we're about to take the
sacred out of the flow state we're about to take the sacred out of the sacrifice that Rodney Mullen
the sacrifice that Rodney Mullen made in order to become the greatest flatland skater of all time
have you heard the story about him jacking his leg into a wheel well so that he could break away
the cartilage and stuff that built up in his in his hip and how he was grinding that out
with a screwdriver for a year or so so that he could gain mobility from his hip bones back
have you seen the way the guy walks now
there's a reason why he became so good it's because he went through the same pain and suffering
that everybody else has to go through if they want to become a master of something there's nobody
that sits down in the piano and doesn't have to practice you might understand it you might have a
very you might have a very technical grasp just lucky enough for you your brain is just the right
amount of visual learning and sound and whatever that you learn faster but a piano is not something
that's built into anybody music might be but they want you to believe that all of this
what can be gained by hard work and sacrifice dedication to something can instead be replaced
with installations and reprogramming and and and monitoring so that we can understand it enough
with enough data we'll be able to crack the code of what goes on in a brain
and I'm just I'm sad that there's no way for me to share with you all that I've seen as a
neurobiologist all that I've looked at under these microscopes there's no way in hell
we're ever going to usefully augment the function of the human brain
it's too complicated it's too much of an organ it's not a
it's not accessible in that way and you're going to hear it here and I need you to understand that's
why this is so important to me because neurobiology does it medicine does it they all doing it they're
all trying to get rid of the sacred part of biology that part which is so complex you can't distill
it down anymore and trying to pretend that we are at the cusp of cracking through the brain
and the genome and protein folding and how the ribosome works and nanomachines
and it's all it's all mythology
and they want you to believe it's so bad because if you do you'll jump into their control mechanism
before you know it you won't be able to get out if you've been your memo is finished your inbox is
under control and you're feeling sharper than you have in a decade sensing your joy your
playlist chefs to your favorite song sending chills up your spines the music begins to play
you glance at the program running in the background on your computer screen and notice a now familiar
site that appears whenever you're overloaded with pleasure your theta brain wave activity
decreasing in the temporal regions of your brain you mentally move the cursor to the left and scroll
through your brain data over the past few hours you can see your stress levels rising as the deadline
to finish your memo approached causing a peak in your beta brain wave activity right before an
alert popped up telling you to take a brain break but what's that unusual change in your brain
activity when you're asleep it started earlier in the month you send a text message to your doctor
with a mental swipe of your cursor could you take a quick look at my brain data anything to
worry about your mind starts to wander to the new colleague on your team whom you know you shouldn't
be daydreaming about given the policy against intra office romance but you can't help fantasizing
just a little but then you start to worry that your boss will notice your amorous feelings
when she checks your brain activity and shift your attention back to the present
you breathe a sigh of relief when the email she sends you later that day
congratulates you on your brain metrics from the past quarter which have earned you another
performance bonus you head home jamming to the music with your work issued brains hunting earbuds
still in when you arrive at work the next day a somber cloud has fallen over the office
along with emails text messages and gps location data the government has subpoenaed
employees brainwave data from the past year they have compelling evidence that one of your
co-workers has committed massive wire fraud now they're looking for his co-conspirators
you discover they are looking for synchronized brain activity between your co-worker and the
people he has been working with while you know you're innocent of any crime you've been secretly
working with him on a new startup mentor shaking you remove your earbuds
that's pretty funny what do you think is it a future you're ready for
you may be surprised to learn that it's a future that has already arrived
everything in that video that you just saw is based on technology that is already here today
artificial intelligence has enabled advances in decoding brain activity in ways that we never
before thought possible you've heard a lot about AI over the past few years here at Davos it's been
the talk of the hour but i want to talk about it in a different way which is the ability to decode
brainwave activity after all what you think what you feel it's all just data data that in large
patterns can be decoded using artificial intelligence consider this the average person thinks thousands
of thoughts each day as a thought takes form like a math calculation you're happy so this thing
that's being shown back here behind her is not real that's just a cartoon that's supposed to
make you imagine this is what brain activity looks like and this is not what brain activity
looks like keep that in mind because that's part of the enchantment right they want you to believe
that if they have enough data and enough data means that the AI can solve it and if it doesn't
work with that much data they need more data and if it's not going to work now they need a better
device that can collect more data tired you're hungry you're elated neurons are firing in your
brain emitting tiny electrical discharges as a particular thought takes form hundreds of thousands
of neurons firing characteristic patterns that can be decoded with EEG or electroencephalography and
AI powered devices so the EEG would be reading the brainwaves through the the skull i guess or you
know you guys you want to implant something in the ear i guess you're in the skulls i guess you
could do that too but there's no way to adequately sample the just the neocortex even
by doing EEG on the skull or i'm gonna open even you took the skull off
i mean a huge portion of the brain is actually inside you know you can't read it from the outside
edge so it's a very strange it's already very strange like what can you really read with a
headband and a few electrodes you know it's it's absurd if you put a stethoscope on the outside
of your monitor you know or four of them you know really what are you going to learn from that
it's really silly silly talk in fact what you're seeing here is my brain activity while i'm wearing
a simple device like the one on the right we're not talking about implanted devices of the future
i'm talking about wearable devices that is generated by the signals that they get from here
and then extrapolated into a 3d model that's meant to sell that product and meant to sell the idea
that this is possible i guarantee you a hundred percent bs that are like Fitbit's for your brain
it used to be that there was very little Fitbit for your brain is exactly the the stupid analogy
that gives it all away what is a Fitbit it keeps track of your your breathing rate maybe
and your blood pressure and your heartbeat at most so you get three parameters on your whole body
and so let's say you could get three parameters from your brain three electrodes let's say you
could get 30 electrodes what could you possibly learn about a brain with a few more than a million
neurons i mean we're talking about some serious nonsense here we're talking about
some extremely serious nonsense here and sold like she's so confident that this is all true but it's
so not true little we could tell from EEG activity but already using consumer wearable devices these
are headbands uh hats that have sensors that can pick up your brain wave activity earbuds
headphones tiny tattoos that you can wear behind your ear we can pick up emotional states like
are you happy or sad or angry we can pick up and decode faces that you're seeing in your mind
simple shapes numbers your pin number to your bank account it's not just your brain activity
here that we can pick up we can also pick up your brain activity in different places like
as your neurons fire from your brain down your arm and send signals to your hand to tell you
how to type move all of that could be decoded through electromyography and so now we're talking
about something completely different where you're listening to your feeling the muscles as they move
and remember what's going to be here it's not anything magic if the machine learning algorithm
is taught by you typing and then you typing some more and you typing some more and so it gets the
key to all of the signals that it's reading yeah then sure it can pick up what you type
how many letters are there on a keyboard and numbers how many different fans gestures are
involved in typing and how many electrodes do you need to have to pick up on that
you see the deal is here is that if you're going to follow the muscles that's ridiculously easy if
you're going to teach a a brain mind interface how to control a mouse or how to follow your eye move
that's that's easy but we're talking about real things not what she's talking about now which is
trying to confuse the simple measurements and their predictive capability if taught what the
right answers are and what those signals most likely mean then yeah to a certain extent there's
nine numbers if you teach a machine what your temporal lobe looks like when you think numbers
and there's a signal there then you could teach it that sure you could but you put that helmet on
any other person it's not going to be the same signal it might not even be in exactly the same
place or with the same combination of sub regions and you can only read the outside
it's extraordinary bs we're not even five minutes in and that's what you're saying here is a device
now in the form of a simple wearable watch that can pick up that activity and in one of the pivotal
acquisitions of the field meta acquired this company control labs in 2019 because major
tech companies are investing and helping to make these devices universally applicable as the way
in which we interact with the rest of our technology in fact the coming future and i mean near term
future is these devices being the primary way in which we interact with all of the rest of our
technology rather than a mouse or a keyboard you can simply swipe with your mind move your hands
more seamlessly when you're in VR or AR use your brain as the way in which you interact with all
of the rest of your technology which is an exciting and promising future but also a potentially scary
one a transformative one one that will change the way that we interact with other people and even
how we understand ourselves let's take a look
neural interfaces when they work right and we still have a lot of work to go here feel like magic
so if you send a control to your muscle saying i want to move my finger it starts in your brain
it goes down your spine through modern neurons and this is an electrical scene so we should be able
to grab that electrical signal on the muscle and say oh okay the user wants to move their finger
what is it like to feel like pushing a button without actually pushing it that could be a
simple so how are you not pushing the button if the finger that you would normally push the button
is actually going to move and the muscle it's going to push the button is actually going to move
and so the physical interaction electrically with some device with a put and push button motion
is activating it how is that not pushing the button they're making it seem like it's some kind of
magic but it's really not simple as hey i just want to move this cursor up or move it left
well normally i would do that by actually moving but here you're able to move that cursor left and
it's because you and a machine agreed which neurons mean left and which neurons mean right
you're in this constant conversation with the machine this new formula is such bullshit they're
just looking at the motion that they can detect in your you know what they're going to do right
you're going to put the device on and now swipe left how is it any different than putting your
fingerprint on the fingerprint reader okay now put it off center ten times now put it up
aside down ten times now put it on the left ten times and then eventually it gets all the
possibilities that are close enough so that it can definitely tell the difference between you
and somebody else done now we can read fingerprints with one swipe on a macbook and you can just
open it up it's so easy as long as you first input 100 times a picture of your thumbprint
as long as you sit down in the chair and thumb wrestle yourself for five minutes and follow
the directions on the screen of how to thumb wrestle yourself then the watch can learn how
you're thumb wrestling yourself and predict what you want to do and they'll roughly coincide done
how stupidly easy is that that's not magic that's not reading your mind that's not you having a
conversation with a freaking machine that's you having a wristwatch that takes the place of a
freaking mouse come on this is ridiculous
control it requires us to build an interface that adapts to you and why is that screen floating in
front of her face an exciting future see where's that coming from it's a future that has already
arrived in many contacts throughout the world and especially in workplaces so it turns out that
one of the most compelling early applications of this technology is to be able to decode at least
some simple effective states of individuals that can potentially improve their well-being
potentially improve productivity but certainly transform what our lives look like in the workplace
and in our everyday activities well we can't literally decode complex thought just yet
there's a lot that we can already decode that's quite relevant see that's a huge gap we can't
complex we can't decode complex thought just yet but there's a lot we can do like interpret the
movements of your thumb and use your eye movements to direct a mouse on a screen as long as you wear
our big fat glasses and use our special screen it works great
we can read your mind as long as you read this book with our with our glasses on and our our
headband on you read this list of words over and over and over and again out loud and four days later
we'll be able to read your mind it's great as long as you stick to our script and only use those
words in those combinations we can usually figure it out it's like 80 correct
that's what this technology is that's what she's selling you as all we're almost at complex thought
we're almost able to drill a hole into the back of your monitor and figure out how it works
we're almost able to use a stethoscope and a flashlight and a couple thermal sensors and a
few wires to figure out and augment the picture on the screen it's no problem and you know what's
really cool is you can take the HDMI cord that's coming out of the coming into the back of your
monitor and you can just monitor the signal that's going through it it's really easy
and that's what they're going to do they're going to monitor the signals going through your brain
in a useful way by just monitoring the electrical signals that they can catch through your skull
i'm sure that's plenty
whoops for the workplace environment consider the fact that right now many workplaces
have individuals who have to be awake and alert at all times in order to do their jobs well
sometimes that doesn't happen take this example where this trucker decided to take a 20 hour shot
for a 1500 mile ride it's well exceeding the amount of time that any trucker long haul trucker
is supposed to drive his employer didn't discover his choices until the fatal accident that was
disastrous for the company and cost many lives but he could have known much sooner he could have
detected whether or not the trucker was entering into the earliest stages of micro sleep starting
to go from being alert to tired well before it occurred and he could have done so through a
simple hat a simple wearable hat that has embedded electrode sensors that would pick up brainwave
activity and give a score between one to five to help the employer and the employee know
what stage of alertness the person was experiencing and whether or not they were starting to fall
asleep now you might think no so is that that sounds like some serious reading of the brain there huh
boy that's sophisticated as hell okay we have driver assist technology in cars already why do we need
this it's because this happens much sooner much more accurately and it gives you the real-time
information that you need in order to make choices to intervene before a person is parallously
exhausted and we as a society should want that we should want the technology that enables us to be
safer to all be able to exist in an environment we should want that where we pay people enough
money so that they don't have to drive 20 hour shifts in order to make that extra buck and we
should you know pay people enough money and and work people in a way that's very humane so that
they don't break the rules maybe we can just do it that way instead of putting electronic sensors
on people's heads i don't know it doesn't look like brain reading yet though this is not really
brain control it's not really anything like what she's talking about even though she wants
you to make you believe that reading brain waves is a great idea and that everybody should be
recording their brain waves as if they matter as if they mean anything what you have to understand
here is this is all part of the bamboozlement they want you to imagine that we're this close you
know all you got to do is start wearing this shit and before you know it yep it's all going to be
there the AI is going to figure it all out it's going to become sentient the whole nine yards
and it's ridiculous it's ridiculous they've shown us a picture of a lady wearing a
Wonder Woman headband and now they're telling us that we're going to have some kind of baseball cap
with a sensor inside of it hopefully it'll be a better looking trucker cap than that
and that sensor will understand when somebody is going into micro sleep and they'll get a call
from their boss and then the you know the family of five won't get killed what kind of nonsense is
this commercial drivers or individuals who need to be wide awake are wide awake when they're
supposed to be because when they're not the consequences are disastrous while playing crashes are much
less frequent than other forms of accidents at least 16 playing crashes in the past decade
have been attributed to pilot fatigue which is probably why in more than 5,000 companies across
the world employees are already having their brainwave activity monitored to test for their
fatigue levels whether it's the Beijing Shanghai line where train conductors are required to
wear hats that have sensors that pick up their brain activity or mining companies throughout the
world brain activity is such a broad stroke of a term to use here and she does that on purpose
I mean their brain activity could be associated with a tilt sensor too their brain activity I mean
chances are very good that the only thing that they can do is tell when somebody starts to daydream
or go to sleep you can't tell whether they're adequately paying attention to where they're driving
they could be reading and probably paying attention just as hard as if they were looking out the
window but I don't think these people are capable of what they're claiming they're capable of but
what they're trying to argue here is that this is the way forward that we're going to do this
that you're going to have you know an apple headband or something that's going to keep track of all
this stuff employees are already having their brain activity monitored and it may wear it very
well may be something that we want to embrace as a society okay you might be shuttering right that
was certainly my first reaction when I discovered that we are tracking brainwave activity okay so
here she's starting the enchantment number two where you know she tries to identify with her
audience you know I know you're probably worried this was the way I fell too but now follow me
into the next deep dark cave in the workplace and that we can do it at all but I believe we
need to have a much more nuanced conversation about it because I think done well neuro technology
has extraordinary promise done poorly it could become the most oppressive technology we've ever
introduced in a wide scale across society we still have and so isn't it weird it's almost like saying
slavery could be the best way forward in terms of trying to make everything work out so that
everybody has a job and everybody pitches in and even the useless eaters become useful but
slavery has a very bad side and it could be one of the worst things we ever bring back from the past
so we've got to be very careful monitoring genetic information of babies and all of their medical
data and giving it freely to pharmaceutical companies could be useful for curing all kinds
of diseases it'd be a great thing could also be a super scary thing if it gets in the wrong
hands or somebody decides to make a bio weapon it's all the same kind of bamboozling where the
trade-offs for this future godlike power are that we could also have future demons
and so as we expand the power of the good gods we also expand the power of the bad demons
but that comes along with taking the place of our deities of the past and shedding the shackles
of our previous ideas of what's sacred that's what they're talking about here it's absolutely
pathetic these futurists and when you see through them they're just shenanigans they're just charlatans
blasphemers they're they're they're they're off to make it right all right well does the same
analysis hold true if instead of trying to monitor whether a person is falling asleep or a week
we decide that we want to monitor their attention levels to see whether or not they're paying
attention and being productive i would argue maybe not how many of you wear something like an apple
watch that bit smart device yeah many people it's a many billion dollar company i mean many
billion dollar industry at this point wearable device is quantifiable self is just a widespread
movement most people are quantifiable self what a stupid it's all this this is all part of the
enchantment this ridiculous language to make you think that there's so much lingo around it because
it's such a consensus of interest such a consensus of what the next thing is that there's all this
lingo that you're never heard of but she could just you know throw out there and spread around
like cards like a dealer very comfortable with at least some forms of human quantification in
fact it's become so widespread that most people feel like there's not that much to worry about when
it comes to doing something like monitoring your heart rate
but it turns out that that kind of technology in the workplace particularly when it's used to
monitor productivity of employees where they're moving throughout the factory floor whether or
not they're taking breaks or unscheduled breaks is the kind of thing that employees resist unionized
against rise up against and undermines morale what we've seen consistently is companies from
amazon to tesco to walmart and others have introduced what is considered to be bossware or
surveillance technology that employees really don't like it even if it makes their lives better
okay well if you don't like your job just quit but what if there's nowhere to go what if everywhere
has ubiquitous monitoring in fact during the pandemic what we so what is that proposal for you
holy crap that almost took the wind out of me so employees they don't like it employees don't
like it when you make them wear a device that allows you to walk them or walk watch them walk
around the warehouse monitor them on their breaks they don't like that they don't like bossware
so what happens if you can just quit and there's no other place to go because everybody's using it
that's exactly their plan that's why she's saying it here right now that's how we fix that problem
guys we're all in the room together we're all bosses of big companies wearing iPhones or wearing
eye watches and that's what this is about that's what she's saying right now
it's incredible so if we just get everybody to do it that no one can complain about it anymore
we're all private business in america so we can do it all we want found was that 80 percent of
companies admitted that they use at least some forms of so-called bossware technology to monitor
the productivity of their employees whether it's a white collar employee monitoring was on their
screen or in any other context surveillance is part of our everyday lives surveillance for
productivity is part of what has become the norm in the workplace and maybe with good reason
nine out of ten employees waste time during the workday they focus on other things there may be
good reasons why we want to be able to find better ways to monitor whether somebody is paying attention
or they're doing something different the newest way to monitor attention is through a device like
this one these are ear pods that are launching later this year these ear pods much like the video
you watched earlier are ear pods that can pick up brainwave activity and tell whether or not a
person is paying attention or their mind is wandering okay well you might think fine but even if
we can tell whether a person is paying attention or their mind is wandering you can't tell
what they're paying attention to you would be wrong turns out that you can not only tell
whether whether a person is paying attention or their mind is wandering but you can discriminate
between the kinds of things that they're paying attention to whether they're doing something like
central tasks like programming peripheral tasks like writing documentation or unrelated tasks
like surfing social media or online browsing when you combine brainwave activity
see what she's saying here is that if you classify behavior into central behaviors peripheral
behaviors and unrelated behaviors to work then we can decode brainwaves after a time of learning
for each individual person do you see and so yes over people these brainwaves average out to
something like very high concentration middle concentration distracted broken concentration
just like when you're watching the tv show versus when the commercials come on you're
surprised that if they monitor a few places in your brain they can see the difference between
that are you really surprised are you surprised that they can see the difference between somebody
trying to work on a program and the logic of a program versus surfing twitter are you surprised
so then why would you be so afraid of it it's not decoding anything it's like saying do you think
you could tell the difference between somebody who's actively using the bathroom and somebody
that's not i can i can think of all kinds of different ways to set up a device that would be
able to tell the difference between somebody using the bathroom and somebody who's not
and these are very similar things
if the tasks that you classify as central peripheral and unrelated
have signatures that are on a macro scale very different sure that's really great you can tell
the difference between those things but that doesn't mean that five years from now we're
going to be able to tell what central task you're working on or what peripheral task you're
thinking about or what social media landscape you're surfing and what you're actually looking at
but that's the implication you know just like when we talk about retroviruses and the fact that
we can now make them because DNA is even cheaper to make doesn't mean we understand
and it's the same exact thing and just because we're getting ever closer to making super cheap
DNA doesn't mean we've learned how to use it and we learned how it expresses and you know how it
orchestrates the pattern integrity that's life
and so just because you can tell the difference between a very concentrated person working on a
program and a person who's surfing on the internet doesn't mean that eventually you're
going to be able to read the brain or augment its function that's the whole point here
just because we can sequence cheap now doesn't mean we're eventually going to win because now we
can really feed the data into that EI and it's cheap just because we start recording from a
bunch of people's eye eye watches doesn't mean we're suddenly going to learn how the brain works
or if people start wearing these hats that's not how this works
the activity together with other forms of software and surveillance technology the power
becomes quite precise so what do we do with this what do we do with technology that enables us
to monitor brainwave activity for attention do we embrace it do we resist it I believe that
there is a pathway forward with such technology but it's putting it in the hands of so you know it
would be great if you just stopped here you could really make a shitty work week and make a really
shitty workplace where people really did get tracked around the warehouse and get tracked on
their behavior and get tracked on their attention and get graded on their performance that you
could do that and maybe that's what they want to do
but that doesn't mean that they're reading your mind or that they're going to control you in a
way that it's any different than having a dog collar on you this is not magic technology
this is not mind reading but they want you to think it is so that you feel limp you feel helpless
this is like them telling you that it would be really handy if everybody would just wear ankle
ankle bracelets yeah it'd be really handy but we're not going to do it
and they want you to believe that this is some kind of inevitability
employees enabling them to use it for themselves as a choice whether or not they want to focus
whether or not they want the technology in order to improve their own performance but not using it
as a measure of their brain metrics to decide whether to fire them hire them or to watch for their
lagging cognitive decline over time and using it as a way to discriminate against them
we might soon even use the technology to help people wake back up this is a haptic scarf that
MIT Media Lab has developed which uses brainwave technology in a responsive way
MIT Media Labs is one of those very very shady places
one of those very very shady places that a lot of these people have gone in and out of
and many people that go through MIT Media Labs go on to work for the government
MIT Media Labs is a place where
where
Esfelt I believe is associated with MIT and the media labs Esfelt is the guy who invented genetic
gene drives and has contributed a lot to the refinement of directed evolution and protein and
enzyme function very interesting reference to give a person a little buzz literally
when their mind starts to wander to help them refocus and hone their attention
there's another pathway forward with this technology which I find to actually be quite
exciting and something that I think companies should be experimenting with and that is the use of
the technology to make the workplace a more responsive workplace to the individual worker
we've all heard the whole idea that robots are coming for our jobs that there will be no jobs
left for humans with generative AI I think we have good reason to wonder how we're going to
integrate that in ways that keep us relevant and challenged and important in the workplace
but there's a different pathway forward which is a responsive workplace one where humans and
robots and AI work seamlessly together in order to optimize a better and healthier workplace
in one experiment Penn State researchers were able to show that by monitoring brainwave activity
with AI in a factory setting the robot could send stress levels in the individual and change the
speed with which they were giving tasks to the human calibrating it so that rather than suffering
from cognitive overload it would bring it to levels of cognitive load this idea of cognitive
ergonomics is what I think is the future of the healthier workplace a place that adapts to our
abilities slows down when we need to slow down and helps us to reset so that we don't suffer from
endless cycles of stress in fact Microsoft recently did a study on employees during the pandemic
using brainwave activity they were able to discover a couple of interesting insights one is zoom based
or other video based meetings are more tiring for our brains than in-person conversations
and this is because of misaligned gaze because of also the way we've scheduled it
people do back-to-back meetings where you have five-minute breaks in between
they also discovered something else that's quite interesting which is that the different backgrounds
for each person is also more stressful for the brain so they introduced together mode
which has the same shared background for each of the employee each of the people who are on the
screen which brings down stress levels all responsive to brainwave activity these are
innovations that can make our lives better so what's the pathway forward in some ways and in some
context surveillance of the human brain can be powerful helpful useful transform the workplace
and make our lives better it also has a dystopian possibility of being used to exploit
and bring to the surface our most secret self it threatens fundamentally what our own self
identity is in some ways and threatens to become a tool of oppression but we can make a choice
we can make she's telling you what they want to do with it they want to use it as a tool of oppression
they want you to get rid of your they wanted to take away your feeling of having a self identity
and being a a sovereign human they wanted they know it will do that that's not a possibility that's
what it will do but they have to acknowledge that in a way that makes it seem like they're
going to try really hard to avoid it you know but we're going to jump out of this plane and so
eventually you better hope your parachute is going to open but hopefully it will i mean this is a
plan so it i i guess i can keep it going i'm going to speed it up a little bit because i had
one other video i wanted to show and i didn't want to take all night i did want to be done on time
and i can't speed it up shit okay here we go a choice to use it well we can make a choice to have
it be something that empowers individuals that helps them gain insights into their own mental
health and well-being improves their own productivity and wellness and sets them on a pathway
so there's no debate about whether this is a violation or or encroaching on what is sacred
there's no there's no thought of this at all rather this is kind of how are we going to pitch it
how do we bring this home to our corporate board meeting how do we work this in over the next five
years that's what this is all about and now i want you to i'm just going to move to this next
video because i i don't think we need to hear her anymore even i she might say something more
interesting afterward if somebody wants to watch the whole video please do i'll put the link in the
chat here and then maybe and then maybe we can do it but i want you to hear what this kind of
shit excuse me i'm just wearing a lot tonight what this kind of stuff has done to our
our lesser of our our discussing moderators on the internet here so this is another
this is a person who gets like cast irl will be live in miami with point us it's probably mean to
say i shouldn't say that nor a link this the guy who gets many many views every night and he always
assembles a consensus illusion consensus illusion is a bunch of people who are going to discuss
something and usually come to an agreement and that agreement serves as an illusion of consensus
that many of their viewers then are bamboozled by and this guy gets 45 000 viewers sometimes at
night and so he's got quite a lot of influence a lot of people watch his videos and cuts afterward
and so listen to them talking about the idea that neural link which is a implantable device of
some kind made by elan musk is going to be started to use um and it's it's quite comical really because
this is one of those things which will go so so so spectacularly wrong um but let's just listen
to what just this headline does to people who have been faithfully watching television and trying
to decode it faithfully using social media to try and learn the science of neural link and the science
of the brain and maybe watching joe rogan and a few other things but not really reading books
not really reading papers not really trying to understand where the cutting edge is but just
assuming that whatever's on the internet is pretty close first in human clinical trials is open for
recruitment and i want to soften this a little bit what's going to happen right now is that
people who are paralyzed who are deaf who can't see are going to get a chance to have their lives
back or you know if some people are i want to imply that some people are you know miserable or
unhappy where some people are totally fine and happy and they've adapted and they're living good
lives but some people may be thinking this is my chance to maybe walk again this is why neural link
is awesome the scary thing is neural link is the is the door that once you open it up the path out
leads to people isolating themselves in pods where they have feeding tubes full of pumping bug
slime into their bellies while they live in the matrix by choice but this is the the latest big
news Elon must read about it saying the first human patient will soon receive a neural link device
this ultimately has the potential to restore full body movement in the long term neural link
hopes to play a role in AI risk civilization risk reduction by improving human to AI and human
to human bandwidth by several orders of magnitude imagine if Stephen Hawking had had this imagine
if Stephen Hawking had had this it's such a ridiculous statement but taken at very much face value by
these some of them are not children that worship or at least are paid to worship or
suggest or or coached to worship Elon Musk and this sort of futuristic vision of things without
actually worshiping it essentially they say it's coming and it's inevitable but you don't really
want it and they talk in crazy terms like he just did where people are going to just plug in
and turn off as if we're ever going to be able to interface with the brain in that way
and so that's what they're going to talk about here is the idea that if this technology keeps
going you're going to be able to experience a video game just plug in and experience a video
game and if you could experience a video game why in the world would you ever want to live a real
life that's what they're going to say right here and that's what they want you to believe that's
what the controllers want you to think that this is an inevitability what they've been showing
you in cartoons is inevitability and it's not an inevitability it's a it's a mythology that they
are pushing on us in order to get us to go limp and we have to stop it right now we can't let
these people make us believe that these these futuristic places are even are even destinations
that are possible to reach because they're not um I also want to just point out what he's saying
about AI risk civilization risk reduction he's saying that if humans integrate with the AI it
won't destroy us he's talking about integrating human brains with other human brains and I think
Elon does great work and I think it's important that you know to a certain degree like we certainly
want to cure people who are paralyzed with medical technology but I got to say man it's going to
get scary you guys ready to plug your brain into the matrix yeah absolutely not no that's it's like
yeah I like I like what Elon Musk is doing with twitter I'm not about to let him put a computer
in my head I mean that that's ridiculous and you know the other aspect of this is that the first
people to take advantage of this will be like the elite the people in the um you know and take
advantage of it in a way that is more than just like helping a paralyzed person walk which you
know obviously that's the way that they're going to introduce it because who would disagree with
that but you know it's way beyond that when Neuralink is capable of in terms of like increasing your
IQ or your all sorts of stuff and so you know you're going to have a sort of feedback loop where
the people in the highest positions of power in the society get it first and that just solidifies
their position as they you know continue to uh because you know having a brain interface is so
much better than having really high speed access to all of the wall street trading data before
anybody else gets it having a brain interface will make people like billionaires they'll be even
more powerful if they have a brain interface as opposed to you know I don't know
secret access to lobbying organizations in the government and and personal relationships with
everybody in the bureaucracy no no it's the brain chip that we got to worry about and the fact that
those rich people are going to get it before us that's that that's the kind of nonsense we're
talking about here like yeah I'm really mad because I think everybody all those rich people
are going to get even smarter than the poor people because the rich people will get the super
super brain chips before the poor people and then it'll be even more racism and more class struggle
because now you'll have a bunch of rich white kids walking around with a with a helmet that
makes them smarter it's never gonna it's never going to be okay and it's just ridiculous
where the levers of power are they never going to talk about it and they want you to
to worry constantly about the future coming troubles the ways that the rich people are going to get
ahead the way that the corporations are going to enslave us so that you never think about changing
the vaccine act from 1986 or change just wiping the prep act right off the map
so you never think about just changing fundamentally the way the CDC and the FDA work
but you focus on absolute nonsense like the possibility of eventually is going to be brain
implants and stuff man and those rich people are going to get them before the poor people
occupied that they say those who have quadriplegia due to cervical spine a spinal cord injury
or ALS may qualify so for now i mean we're not talking about plugging people's
brains into the matrix nora link is actually is going to be saving lives and and curing
ailments and i can respect that i know a lot of people are saying don't rag on nora link because
it's going to provide uh you know treatment for a lot of people and that's really really cool
my fear i mean all this is is that now they're going to try and stick wires in a brain and and
rewire uh the the spinal cord they're going to try it like that hasn't been tried in animals
before i mean this is just a joke to me they must know or they don't know and they're just doing
it anyway they've been coached to say this stuff and just go along with it read this out loud
do this this press release because if you could do that you know restore quadriplegia's motion
with with a precisely robotically implanted brain computer interface the prime study
because it's going to be robotically implanted right there's a machine you're going to put your
head in that's going to do the surgery it's all just so ridiculous it's just all so ridiculous
but the idea is if they're doing it then i guess it must be real if they leaked it then it must be
real i mean if it's a cdc leaked slide set that it must be real i mean if it's a
a department of defense database leak it must be real if it's a press release where they say
they're going to use a precisely robotically implanted brain computer interface it must be real
and if Tim Poole says they're going to cure quadriplegics with it at first before they give it to the
rich people it must be true it's just that if we ever get to the point where we can
read right into a person's brain experiences yeah no one's going to live in a little bit anymore
well the other aspect is you know the the gray reset the the world economic form right you'll
own nothing you'll have no privacy but you'll be happy i mean that that dates back to the you
know 1960s when you had Aldous Huxley saying basically they'll put you in a position where you ought
not be happy but you'll be made happy when they literally are releasing dopamine so you're sitting
there on like a and you know this is like the 1960s version but you're sitting there on an
assembly line you should be like miserable like god this is awful but instead you're like this
is the best thing i've ever this is the most fun i've ever had is putting together these car parts
because they're literally activating the pleasure center of your brain as you're doing this this
do you guys uh you guys know what uh you know you know the story of the monkey's paw right
yes the monkey's paw it gives you three wishes but it twists your wishes in awful ways
and or or there's just like needful things this trope of be careful what you wish for has been
done for a long time i remember when i was little i can't remember what what movie we were watching
i was watching with my family and it's like somebody gets a monkey's paw whatever and then
they're like i wish for a million dollars and then all of a sudden like the person's wife walks out
to pick up a newspaper it's hit by a car killing her instantly and then the you know the guy in the
car is like oh no i'll give you a million dollars settlement or whatever like he or an insurance
payout they're like you're being awarded a million dollars so that the wish is twisted my dad was
always like you know you know how you beat the monkey's paw you wish for happiness
wish that you were happy and what could it do to twist it and i was like it'll put you in a mental
institution in a straight jacket banger head on the wall and go put your happy and i'm like
that's an interesting way of viewing happiness is that it's technically the truth yeah there's a
happiness they'll give you there's a truck palinic uh short story that's kind of like that where
it's this phenomenon where uh all these kids in high school realize that if you like electrocute
yourself you basically like lobotomize yourself and so it's like a trend of kids like
electrocuting themselves and lobotomizing themselves because they'd rather be happy and
mentally incapacitated than have to deal with the stresses of uh of real life yeah people are
going to be like in the real world i work at uh uh you know i i work a menial job but when i go home
to my pot and plug in man i host this big i do think that that's what facebook would like you
to think meta is going to be i think that that's what a lot of gaming services would like kids to
think of as for tonight their avatars as themselves i think that's what they want and so i think it's
very interesting that tim pool's talking about it in reference to elan musk without any criticism
for it without any talk of sovereignty or freedom or sacredness it's very very very curious isn't it
but it shouldn't be really because this is exactly how the control system works and we're going to watch
a few other videos as we go forward and a few other people like tim pool and we're going to see how
this narrative a futurist narrative a transhuman narrative a a pandemic narrative has been layered
down through the internet where this guy and another guy will argue about what Brett Weinstein
said to sam heris and one will take one side one will take the other side and so if tim gets a
million and a half views and sam cedar gets a million and a half views and Brett Weinstein
gets a million and a half views you start to see how the whole narrative has been curated because
eventually if the algorithm is putting him and Brett and z dog into your feed and into your
algorithm eventually you're going to stumble on one of these two arguing about the other two
and then you're going to be sort of enticed to take the illusion of consensus on the natural
side or the illusion of consensus on the lab leak side the illusion of the consensus of the vaccine
workside the illusion of the consensus that what something is wrong
you see the idea is to confuse you into thinking that there is something to figure out
and the only thing to figure out is is that we we have to united united non compliance that's
how we get out it's not just some things it's all the things
it's all the things it's all the things it's controlled by the algorithm
and there isn't a lot we can do about that algorithm and the algorithm works in much more
diabolical ways than most people want to imagine
because the algorithm works in such a way
that the algorithm works in such a way that there's not only can views be inflated
so that people who aren't being watched look like they're being watched
but people whose videos are attempted to be shared can be censored and what is the word
now they're using all the time I don't know throttled and all of this goes on
but it's impossible for us to know how far our videos are getting out how far our reach is
even if we know what our follower count is we don't know
and we don't know how many rooms of people are full of people doing stuff to try and throw
more nonsense on the fire like he used to tonic house music
like I don't know scooby doo videos that have nothing to do with me from followers that I've
they're people that are not following me are now making scooby doo videos about the unmasking
of berry can and fauci so we have a lot of work to do to try and explain to everybody how
the who declared a dangerous novel virus that was detectable by a non-specific PCR test
we have a lot of explaining to do for people to understand that what you see in this graph here
is not what everybody thinks it is that this is mostly a testing artifact and that this
extra death that's up here visible in the all-cause mortality rate is extra death that is caused by
protocols by not resuscitating people by not giving them the proper treatment for secondary
pneumonia etc etc etc etc and then it is the damage caused by the shot whatever that damage is
there could have been an infectious clone that's very likely an infectious clone has been used to
see more than one sequence around the world I don't know it's a crime let's figure it out
but there's no question that they've had a plan to invert our rights to permissions for a very
long time and it's an international global thing that's the reason why the five ice
countries were so on board why the EU countries were so that lady from Germany who was the head of
the EU was so on point because this is the last chance they have to invert this and take all of
our data because they're selling it just like they're selling that idea that they get the data
for the brain then they'll be able to read your mind they have been selling this idea that if
they could get the genetic data Craig Venter, Venter, Joshua Lederberg all these guys have been
saying it for so long that this is the way we're going to crack the code
and so now you have to understand that in America and around the world there's this
biology and then there's also all the money that can be made from the biology all the control that
can be created through the biology and all of the intellectual property on which that biology is
enforced and it's that shift in the intellectual property space that Mark Koolack of usutonic
live recently identified that we are really getting all of our ducks in a row now
to see if we can really start to in broad strokes try to characterize the kinds of waves of change
that are happening in the background and the kinds of waves of change which actually may be
influencing the behavior of the people on the playing board and why somebody like David Martin
for example would be talking all kinds and nonsense about certain patents without teaching
you about a whole other aspect of patent law and biological patent law in particular with
regard to antibodies and so it's going to take a while yet it's going to take a while to sort
all this out but we're going to do it and in the meantime I'll be at Giga on biological which is a
let me see which is a kind of a Twitter substitute soapbox thing I get those support asks off of
there quickly you can see that giga ohm dot bio there oops there I was right here giga ohm
dot bio you could also go to giga ohm biological dot com and then find the soapbox link at the
top and that will get you there as well um I'm pretty busy with my day job now so I'm not posting
there a lot I'm also not posting on Twitter very often but that's how it is instead I'm trying
to focus on being here every single night as often as possible and I do believe that this is
night number 20 in a row and so as the streak gets longer it's going to be harder and harder
and more painful to break so hopefully that will keep me on thank you very much for joining me
this has been giga ohm biological high resistance low noise information where you're proud to
be a biologist inter muscular injection is not a means of immunization you want to say it a
little simpler you can say the transfection transfection is not immunization stop all
transfections and humans because they are trying to get rid of the control group
shout out to my friend uh Emily Kaplan and uh and and and and and Greg Glassman of uh
broken science we haven't watched a video broken science yet so we're gonna get that on the
study hall this really soon um follow them they've been putting out a lot of really great short
content um if some might help you communicate some of these ideas to your family as well
um and don't forget that this video still I think is one of the best ways to share my work
with people who don't know me at all um and if you haven't seen it please watch it and share it
I'm pretty proud of the way I was able to explain the immune system with a little picture
so if you haven't seen the part where I'm drawing and talking at broad strokes about the immune
system and how it works I really highly suggest it thanks very much guys and I'll see you again tomorrow
hundred viewers at the end thanks guys thanks a lot